Add simple pre-cache downloader (#5926)
microsoft/CBL-Mariner: toolkit/docs/building/building.md

> Try to download pre-built packages if the versions match the local spec files.

#### `PRECACHE=...`

##### `PRECACHE=`**`n`** *(default)*

> Don't pre-load the cache from upstream sources

> ##### `PRECACHE=n`

Reviewer: `y`?

> > Load the cache with as many rpms from the usptream repos before starting to build.

Author: ```suggestion
> Load the cache with as many rpms from the upstream repos before starting to build.
```

> > Load the cache with as many rpms from the usptream repos before starting to build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Load the cache with RPMs from the upstream repos before starting to build.
```
